Feature/api 9038 fields existence conf pushes webhooks (#960)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/configuration-api/v3.4/index.mdx

| `id`                                   | `string`   | Yes      | Agent ID                                                                           |
| `name`                                 | `string`   | No       | Agent name                                                                         |
| `role`                                 | `string`   | No       | Agent role, should be one of the following: `viceowner`, `administrator`, `normal` |

> | `avatar`                               | `string`   | No       | URL path for Agent avatar                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `avatar`                               | `string`   | No       | URL path of the Agent's avatar                                                          |
```

### `agent_created`

> Informs that a new agent account was created. Response will contain full state of agent resource - empty fields won't be omitted.

Reviewer 2: Technically, this is not a response. I'd call it `payload`.

Reviewer: I'd use a present tense here as  1) the payload will always contain that, 2) we describe a sample payload represented on the side, 3) and we use the Pr. Simple in other similar cases throughout our docs :)

> Informs that a new agent account was created. Response will contain full state of agent resource - empty fields won't be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a new agent account was created. The payload contains the full state of the [agent](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#agent) data structure, including empty fields.
```

### `agent_created`

> Informs that a new agent account was created. The payload contains the full state of the [agent](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#agent) data structure, including empty fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a new agent account was created. The payload contains the full state of the [agent](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#agent) data structure, including empty fields.
```

### `auto_access_added`

> Informs that a new auto access rule was added. Response will contain full state of auto access rule resource - empty fields won't be omitted. Adding rule may result in multiple [`auto_access_updated`](#auto_access_updated) webhooks, depending on `next_id` value.

Reviewer 2: `auto access rule resource` -> `the auto access rule resource`
`empty fields won't be omitted` -> this is somewhat cryptic, I'd put it simpler: `including not defined fields` or sth like that. Overall, I'm not sure this needs to be specified in the docs - as a dev, I would just expect all the fields, initialised or otherwise.
`Adding rule` -> `Adding a rule`
`depending on next_id value` -> `depending on the value of next_id` or simply `depending on next_id`

Reviewer: 1. We tend to use "data structure" instead of "resource".
2. "Empty fields won't be omitted" -> "including empty fields", "including not defined fields".
3. If we're going to add the additional info, I'd link the explanation of `next_id` as I forgot what it was and didn't see the direct connection between the number of webhooks and the value of `next_id`. I also wonder if we should include it as it seems super additional. What happens if we don't? 🤓

> Informs that a new auto access rule was added. Response will contain full state of auto access rule resource - empty fields won't be omitted. Adding rule may result in multiple [`auto_access_updated`](#auto_access_updated) webhooks, depending on `next_id` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a new auto access rule was added. The payload contains the full state of the auto access rule data structure, including empty fields. Adding a rule may result in triggering multiple [`auto_access_updated`](#auto_access_updated) webhooks, depending on the value of `next_id`. [What's `next_id`?](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#auto-access)
```

### `auto_access_updated`

> Informs that the configuration of an auto access rule changed. Contains only the updated properties. Updating rule may result in multiple [`auto_access_updated`](#auto_access_updated) webhooks, depending on `next_id` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that the configuration of an auto access rule changed. Contains only the updated properties.
```

### `auto_access_deleted`

> Informs that an autoaccess rule was deleted. Deleting rule may result in multiple [`auto_access_updated`](#auto_access_updated) webhooks, depending on rules `next_id` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that an auto access rule was deleted.
```

### `bot_created`

> Informs that a new bot was added. Response will contain full state of bot resource - empty fields won't be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a new bot was added. The payload contains the full state of the [bot](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#bots) data structure, including empty fields.
```

### `group_created`

> Informs that a group has been created within a license. Response will contain full state of group resource - empty fields won't be omitted.

Reviewer: The same pattern as above with link to `/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#groups`

#### Specifics

|                        |                                                                                 |

> | ---------------------- | -----------------------§-------------------------------------------------------- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
```

### `group_created`

> Informs that a group has been created within a license. The payload contains the full state of the [agent](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#groups) data structure, including empty fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a group has been created within a license. The payload contains the full state of the [group](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#groups) data structure, including empty fields.
```

> Informs that a group has been created within a license. The payload contains the full state of the [agent](/management/configuration-api/v3.4/#groups) data structure, including empty fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a group has been created within a license. The payload contains the full state of the [agent](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/#agent) data structure, including empty fields.
```
